Mary Ellen McCluggage
6/17/12, 2:33 PM



any word from paige?
6/17/12, 7:44 PM



Your mom told me that she was heading back to the RV
6/26/12, 2:31 PM



Paige is on a rampage



Paige is on a rampage



I think she's hanging out with tweekers



what is she doing?



I have no idea, she wasnt coming home til around midnight and she wouldn't tell anyone where she was.... So I told her to leave. The persons phone that she keeps calling off of, responded with a txt threatening guns.



I was trying to encourage her to go back to Colorado and start school, but she wasn't having it
6/26/12, 3:59 PM



Sounds bad. Thanks for encouraging her to come home. Your mom is here and it's been fun spending time with her and getting to know Shawn and Ruby and Brennan.
7/1/12, 5:19 AM



My family is taking care of a kid that might not even be mine. the least you can do is respond



And all I did was try to keep him out of the foster care system, and for some reason you judge me for someone I am not. All I want to know is if Paige is alright
7/1/12, 7:13 AM



Dear Mary Ellen,



I know that we have had rough times, and I know you don't view good of me - but I love Paige, and I love Abel, and I love your family. 

This has been a struggle I have been dealing with since we met. I feel judged upon, and I feel like maybe I'm not the greatest or richest of men - but I have a heart that loves, and I work out of wanting to work, and I am not the person that you know me as. I am asking for forgiveness.  Your judgement has weighed on my mind since Paige and I loved each other. 

I have a couple things I would like to share. 

When Abel was born, I was in the hospital, holding paige's hand - and as Paige had her first sight of Abel she immediately said 
" I'm so sorry, he isn't yours "

I am constantly reminded by my family that he doesn't look like me, and my mom doesn't think he is mine - they just try to rub it in to make me sad.

I know very well Abel could belong to someone else, as do you - regardless, I stayed there for them. I wanted him to keep him out of foster care, and I wanted Paige to be able to see him whenever she wanted. You treat me harshly. I know you don't like me, and I don't know how to change this. It has been a complication since we've met. I want Paige to have an open/honest relationship with her parents - but every time she would talk to you, you would tell her that this relationship isn't worth it…. or "you've been on the kyle roller coaster - we will buy you a bus ticket" or "I'll bail you out of jail if you break up with kyle"

These words are hurtful, and I hear them coming from you. 
And you say this against the man that has unconditional love for Paige. I would like to inform you of some things you don't know.

When paige was with James aka "Doozer" - They we're shooting up heroin…I would never allow paige to shoot anything up.

When Paige was 13, she was roofied and raped by a 20 year old man. 

These are things she can't talk to you about because of the judgement. I worry for Paige when she's alone. She doesn't feel like she has any support from you.
 She ends up with bad people, and she tends to follow others decisions. I have given Paige my heart, and I have given my family up to you, and you treat me with such disrespect. How can I mend this Mary Ellen? I apologize for calling paige names, I'm sorry for the violence, I'm sorry for the drama, I am sorry for that stupid song I wrote 2 years ago….. I'm sorry for loving paige, because you would have been of better support to her if I didn't. 

I want some time to be judged, and room for change.
I want you to know that I love all of you, and will continue doing so.
I also want to admit that I have been a bad person in my past, and I have spent years trying to forgive myself and fix the things I did wrong.

I am asking you for help. I love Paige and I want to see her happy. I want to see her have a decent relationship with you. I want to be able to come over and prepare a dish for your family, but I feel you won't give me another chance. 

If you find it in your heart to forgive, I would like to show you the amazing person I am. 

Sincerely,
Kyle
7/1/12, 5:50 PM



Hey Kyle,

Thanks for your letter. I really want the best for you and am encouraged by your resolve to mend fences and move forward! We have always loved and supported Paige and will continue. The rape incident was very damaging to Paige and we spent a lot of time and money on counseling. 

We forgive you. My father prays for you regularly. We appreciate the good intentions you had toward Abel and Paige. Trust, however, is something that is earned over time. I hope you will give us time. I'm unsure, as you write, what your current relationship with Paige is. The last I've heard from Paige wasn't very good. 

We are all in process! 
Mary Ellen
7/1/12, 8:07 PM



I have no trust in a marriage with her, she lies to me constantly - over little stuff. So really I just want to be friends with her, and see her succeed.
7/1/12, 10:30 PM



This sounds like a good plan. Trust is so foundational.
7/2/12, 6:43 AM



I don't really know how Paige is doing Kyle. Try to be patient with my facebook communication. I don't have an iphone like you, and I don't have the ability to sit at my desktop. You and Paige decided that Abel should go to your parents. I don't experience any guilt at all. I think your parents are awesome.



Kyle, I think my last post sounded harsh. I guess we all feel misunderstood! Bruce and I didn't want to raise Abel because it would have been selfish. Able would have spent his days in daycare. God totally provided Josh and Jenn and they loved Abel so much. Your parents really wanted Abel, and it seemed you and Paige wanted your parents to have him as well and so you made it happen legally. Your parents are great and I have no problem with this. I will be the best grandparent I can be throughout my life! I just hope that you can focus on becoming the person you want to be and make the amazing contributions to this world that only you can make.
7/2/12, 9:34 PM



No, I went through the court stuff, so we wouldn't have these scheduled visitations. Only reason



I know who I am, I'm just tired with paiges compulsive lying disorder
7/3/12, 10:02 AM



Makes sense.
8/31/12, 7:02 PM



Hey, please tell Paige I love her. Hope you two are doing well. The bus looks pretty amazing!
9/4/12, 8:37 PM



Did Paige come back yet? Are you guys still in New Mexico?
9/18/12, 8:56 AM



Your email to new buffalo was quite a projection.

I don't control paige- 
I encourage her to call you and develop a stronger relationship.

I don' t make empty bribes in order to gain control. 

Nor do I contact your employer with false information in hopes that it will make you look bad.

Paige has the option to call you anytime of the day, and she chooses not to.

But there's probably a reason...

We are doing well as usual, and I have a lot of projects set up for over the winter to keep us busy.

I don't know who you think I am, but I'm not Charles manson, and I'm not brainwashing your little girl.

She's 20 years old and she should be able to make decisions for herself. Decisions as of who she likes, what she wants to do with her life, and where she goes... And these decisions are her own and no one else's.

I'm letting paige read this letter for her approval... And she can hit the send button.
10/6/12, 10:23 PM



Hi, please ask Paige to call me sometime tomorrow if she can. Hope everything is alright. The temperatures here have really dropped. Been wondering if you all are having a cold snap too.
10/8/12, 7:54 AM



im not your messenger boy yo - if Paige waned to call you. she would - she's a big girl now 😉 

Maybe you should have worked with me rather than against the grain if you wanted any cooperation out of this body
4/22/14, 9:38 PM



http://elidahanson-finelli.com/
6/25/14, 5:29 PM



Hey, this is Paige, just too lazy to lo myself in. I saw the continental breakfast short and figured you'd like this one even better. Just brace yourself - there's one B-word.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__d2FMCtgi4



*to loG myself in...the G sticks on the keyboard.



Liam must be okay?



He's fine, sorry I didn't call back, Kyle had a client.



No problem



Glad he's fine



Oh now I'm so curious...
Bad?
Bossy?
Biforcating?
Bloated?
9/19/14, 5:50 PM
9/30/14, 10:29 PM
12/17/14, 7:35 PM



http://starancestorsthemovie.com/
12/18/14, 7:36 PM



Nice Kyle!!! I watched those shooting starts for quite awhile before I even hit enter!
7/8/15, 1:17 PM



here's an animated gif



Kyle, thanks for giving me some personality! 🙂
11/5/15, 9:10 PM



Hey Kyle...getting worried. How are you?
1/13/16, 8:21 PM



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2W1KT8xXaN8
11/22/16, 9:50 AM



love that guy
11/22/16, 2:02 PM



Any word about Cameron?



I heard that there are free legal groups in that area specifically to help protect protesters.



I also heard that the UN is opening a human rights investigation against the jail that he's in...



Dunno if that's a good or bad thing.
11/22/16, 5:34 PM



Oh man. I'm trying not to respond much today because i know I'm acting out of my non-thinking brain...🙂 I'm so mad. Jonas said they prepare the protestors well for possible incarceration. I'm praying tons. I did just call recently and ask for a phone call. They said every prisoner is given a call and so I made it clear that he had not been given one...even though Im not totally sure.
5/7/17, 9:50 PM



Kyle, your mom asked me to send this to you. She posted it yesterday. It's pretty amazing.
5/8/17, 10:38 AM



That's really cool. 🙂
5/29/17, 12:10 AM



From Paige:
7/6/17, 9:40 AM



'm raising money to build 3D printers for schools



We will be traveling school to school, teaching kids how to build 3d printers. And leaving each school with a printer the kids help put together
10/10/17, 11:49 AM



U better do it too lol...or don't say nothing else to me. Read carefully...
1/6/18, 12:28 PM



Paige and I are separating. She packed up and left with Liam.



I'm devastated. We are both so traumatized and in such sadness-I didn't feel it was right for Liam and things are just so hard.



anyways-I'm sure you'll be happy to know that she is no longer with me. I can't stand the thought of not being with Liam 😞
1/6/18, 2:22 PM



Could you let me know if she makes it up there? I have no idea where she went and no way to contact her.



I let her have my car.



This news doesn't make me happy. She hasn't made contact with us.
1/6/18, 8:43 PM



She talked with me later this afternoon and said she's coming up but she isn't here yet.



I've been worried



The car didn't have registration or insurance and her license was expired



I know. I'm worried too.



I hope she didn't get into any trouble. I've been sobbing all day, I miss them.



I've had to hide Liams toys because I'm going crazy



I'm sure this is really awful for you. Am praying.



She's probably hanging out with some friends up there... who knows



I'm going to give up on life soon.



I'm miserable



Please let me know if you hear from her. I'm really worried



Definitely.



She said she was going up there for certain?



Like was she on her way?



I'm freaking out, the car really wasn't stable to be driving distances and I really hope it didn't break down. I'm stressing



Yes but we had a bad connection and I didn't get specifics.



Oh. My heart avhes



I miss liam. I am so confused



She would get a hold of you



And tell you something.



Wouldn't she?



What's going on?



She just arrived. Said Liam needed a million potty breaks



Thank god.



Can you let her know she should grab the car title from the car and sign it before she drives anymore.
1/6/18, 11:01 PM



Will do. She went to bed.
1/7/18, 3:52 PM



Paige isn't responding to me and I am unclear on what is going on.



She took the foodstamps, the car. Should I start figuring out getting a new car?



I really wanted to visit my family and she left me with all of this stuff.



I guess I'll figure it out - but she really shouldnt be driving the saab in colorado with an expired license and no insurance...



being that last time she did this to me and came back pregnant with someone else's kid- I'm finding it hard to see myself letting her come back into my life.



I wish i had communication. I wish I had family support.



she gave me 2 minutes with liam befor she ripped him from me



I guess the longer this goes on without communication between us, the harder it is for me to trust and the hurt is tremendous. I feel fucked over-she never told me she was leaving to colorado with liam. it was my understanding that she was going to some friends house or something and we were going to talk later.



Kyle, I'm going to park with Liam and she needs time to think. She says the car will come back.talk more later.



She can’t just take my son from me



He’s everything to me Mary Ellen



I don’t have a family because I fought for abel. Seriously he is all that I have



I’m alone with 2 cats Paige agreed to take care of, a wounded dog, a missive project and no family that will talk to me



I sacrificed my family for Paige and nobody acknowledges the neglect I’m going through from it. I’m suffering in pain.



You realize Bruce has had Abel’s dad as a friend on Facebook for years and  would never accept my friend request



You think I’ve felt accepted into your family by Bruce?



Hey Kyle, I am sorry you're in so much pain. Bruce and I love you and pray and will continue to do so. Right now Paige wishes for some time to think and this is between you two and so I'm not going to be in the middle. I talked to Bruce about the Facebook thing and he never realized you wanted to be friended and may have unintentionally ignored your request. Please try again. We are not the best at technology!
1/7/18, 6:18 PM



I apologize for flipping out. I spoke with Paige and i am feeling a bit better.
4/12/18, 7:42 PM
4/14/18, 8:48 PM



Its huge.



And has a bathroom.
4/15/18, 7:48 AM



Wow, it looks huge! Very nice...did it make the trip easily?



Still not running.



Were staying at a hotel and making progress in fixing it.



If anyone can figure it out, you can!
4/28/18, 4:06 PM
5/13/18, 8:04 PM
5/16/18, 7:50 PM
6/22/18, 9:40 AM



Hey Mom, It's Paige. Sorry I've been out of touch, Kyle's phone crapped out and freedom pop disabled my phone because I think I used too much mobile data. Then we went camping and realized that it's kinda nice without the phones - really cuts down on the stress. So we've been unplugged as of late, just letting you know.



Been doing good, slowly working out some old wounds with Kyle. The pelvic infection is cleared up. Been walking a lot and feeling a bunch better.
6/22/18, 1:31 PM



I'm so glad you're working on physical health and emotional health and that you've had a lower stress time without phones. You are so loved. Praying lots. I keep thinking you're going to be here any minute! 🙂 Glad you're taking care of yourself and the infection is cleared up. I have one more intense week of training and then I'll be done. Grandpa Lee and Sandy will be here next Thursday through Tuesday for a golf tournament...to watch one anyway...maybe you'll get to see them? I still haven't heard when Abel is coming out. Carmelle just finished her first week of being a camp counselor so I'm anxious for her to get home for her 24 hr. break and hear how it all went down. Today I'm home trying to accomplish things but it's one of those days...I'm still enjoying just being home.
6/25/18, 9:17 PM



Finishing a bath...be there in 20
6/28/18, 1:31 PM



Hey Mom, this is Paige. Just wanted to let ya know that we pulled up to the house to fill our water tank and grab a snack. Hope you're having a good day and not getting too stressed - because you're awesome.
6/28/18, 3:32 PM



Good timing on the awesome part....will be home about 5:30. Can’t wait to hear about cave of the winds!
7/1/18, 7:10 AM



Mornin Mom, was wondering if you'd be able to pick Kyle up when you're picking up Liam and drop K at the house so he can ride his bike back? No worries if you can't, he can probably get a ride from a friend later this afternoon.



I’m feeling sick right now and have to stay in bed. Maybe Bruce can pick Kyle up after his jives coffee morning meeting time around 10:30 AM or so?
7/1/18, 5:53 PM



Hey Kyle, give me a call when you can.



Also this is Paige.



Kyle? It’s Paige.



We were gonna pick you up, grab sandwiches and go to the park?



But Dad was taking forever at his golf thing so now I think we’ll just grab sandwiches and come over to the bus. Sound alright?



Are you even at the bus?
7/2/18, 10:51 AM



I would like a chance to visit with liam before I leave



Is it possible that you can bring him over for like an hour? I can't be around paige



don't ignore me



It's a simple request



I’m sure we can do that. Let me just talk with Paige.



Wasn’t ignoring



well all of you got what you wanted



right?



We don’t like to see you or Paige hurt or unhealthy.



well it's good she has a family



mine was fucked over by abel



i should have let go when she had able- I was stupid to hang around



abel*



so what is paige's deal?



or plan?



Was just able to check in...would noon work for you? Are you parked at the same place?



sure



Would you like to meet Liam at a park or would you like to us to bring him to the bus?



the bus works



Okay



Bruce is going to bring Liam to the bus but he’s running a little late - so it’ll probably be around 12:15-12:30. That alright?



yup



so what's the deal with paige?



I guess I'm going to leave colorado and figure out how to relax



I guess shared custody is an option.



I don't think I'll be able to ever trust her, so the relationship thing proabably isn't going to work- I just hate to see liam in the middle of it



is he still coming?



Yes he’s late, sorry



?
7/2/18, 7:34 PM



Bruce might’ve already sent you this but here’s the number for the mental health counselor Alice Richmond: ‭(603) 236-1701‬.
7/2/18, 8:59 PM



can you ask paige to check her facebook
7/3/18, 10:57 AM



Just saw this, sorry.
7/4/18, 7:49 PM



Paige invited me to memorial but it took a while for me to find parking



Paige asked me to call once I got back to the bus



I'm on parkside and printers parkway



Conveniently, my messages won't be read until you're home. I guess I'm going to bed.



I spent my night walking around trying to find you guys, and no one would answer their phone.



I got to spend 5 minutes with my son before it started raining and paige said she would bring him up here.



Why do I feel like there is a block between our communication.



Hey Kyle, it’s Mary Ellen. Paige said she would communicate with you on Facebook. I’m happy to help you connect with Liam tomorrow.



so she had me drive here for 5 minutes



and she didn't want to hang out?



wtf



why am I staying here? I thought I was going to get some support and pretty much all of you are telling me to fuck off



I'm about to leave. this is bullshit



seriously what the fuck



god dammit mary ellen



have paige call me, I'm fucking tired of this shit



!!!!



fuck



what the hell



seriously, no one answers their phone for me



im fucking alone and going crazy



paige said she was going to come talk to me



this is fucking rude



I came to see my son, why are you ignoring me.



can't you see that I am desperate and I would like to talk to paige?



I am in need of help and would really like to talk to her



well she still hasnt contacted me



I guess she was just joking around



I have no idea why she invited me



I’m sorry about all your miscommunication over this with Paige. She thought you weren’t coming until I saw your text and told her.
7/5/18, 10:18 PM
7/9/18, 1:11 PM



Hey Mom, this Paige.



*is



Was having lunch when this crazy lady from the storage unit place came up and started screaming at us.



Like "f* you s*heads get the f* off my property" ...totally psycho.



So Liam started crying and then we left - we're in a church parking lot near the arc.
7/10/18, 7:08 AM



Hey Mom, found another great place for the bus that's really closeby. I'll walk over to the house in a few minutes here.
7/10/18, 11:12 AM



I will be home about 11:30. Should I pick you up and then we get Liam or do you want to walk?



It's clear that you are unsupportive of our relationship.
The way that you have constantly been in the way and rejected our love toward eachother.
I remember times where she was bribed with money to not stay with me. 

I can see clearly that the family support that I was seeking cannot be granted by you, 
when you care to push our relationship apart by exclusion and trying to keep us away from eachother.

You may never understand the pain that I have gone through in this relationship. Your lives seem so elegantly simple,
like the emotions we're dulled out and you gave in to passifying reality- 
because it doesn't seem you care to understand my feelings or what brought us here. In the past you have allowed 
doctors to prescribe your children drugs- and if you want my honest opinion, Cameron doesn't seem like himself.
Is it part of an agreement that he be on drugs while staying with you?

It's hard to trust that you have our health in your best interest when you are trusting drugs to solve your childrens problems.
Under assumption, I am most likely taking less substances then your family and i get treated like I'm the addict.

It is hard to trust that you want us to be together with these feelings of exclusion from your family.



So why don't you spend some time being honest with me about your feelings?



What did I do so wrongly to deserve to be mistreated from the beginning.



before all of the history- you and bruce weren't accepting of me and I feel like both parties are holding resentment rather than communicating.



When you said that Elsie died because I didn't care for her well enough, was very hurtful. I know that it was said because of underlying feelings and maybe we could discuss that rather than attacking me after losing a friend.



and as for the caring better part of what you said, it's mutual, we can all care better



I apologize for how I reacted and I didn't feel your apology was genuine. I still have feelings that you would rather our relationship just fall apart- or I run away and give up. If I am making this up then I'm sorry for being crazy and having a gut that is misinforming.
7/10/18, 3:14 PM



Hey, went with Mom to help look for that headlight piece. Be back in a minute.
7/10/18, 10:17 PM



Sorry Kyle, I just needed a break tonight.
7/12/18, 7:18 AM



She’s asleep but she should be up soon.



I need help too mary ellen



Paiage and Liam are my rock and I need them.



these programs and things that you think are best for paige are actually destroying our family



I came up here to get helo for our family and you are telling us to not be a family



I guess I will just have to deal with the fact that you aren't going to help me



Can I please see my son?



Please, I am begging



I really want to see Liam



This is rediculous, I came up here to get help with paige- and now I have to stay in a town in order to be close to my son, while my significant other is not wanting to be with me and possibly going to get with other people because she is hurt
7/12/18, 9:05 AM



Liam is at vbs, I can drop him off with you at a park or something anytime after 1:30.
7/12/18, 10:09 AM



I am going to stay away like all of you want. Paige has cheated on me in the past with dylan and I find it strange that they are starting to hang out. It's obvious she can't talk to me and it's obvious that you aren't supportive of our relationship



and she expects me just to jump back into a relationship and sends me messages like "i miss you and love you and want to be with you" - but from what I am seeing, those are just lies



she has also told dylan that she isn't staying with me- so I guess things are over between us.



also, she leaves your house at night and you guys have no idea who she hangs out with. so when you say she hasn't met with anybody- you are misinformed



sif she thinks that I'm just going to jump back into with her, you can tell her that I am done being lied to and we will share custody of liam- and she can go be the deceiving lover that she is.



You won't have to take care of her long- she jumps into relationships super fast.



please ask her to stop sending deceiving messages
7/12/18, 2:49 PM



I have a meeting from 3-5, please let me know if you’d like to spend time with your son.
7/13/18, 2:49 PM



Sorry the thumbs up was unintentional. I was trying to find a menu...I’m away this weekend but please contact Bruce if you want to line up time with Liam. He should be on messenger.
7/14/18, 9:14 PM



can you please let me know if paige and liam are okay



I spoke with Paige a few hours ago and they seemed okay.



thanks



she has sent me many messages over the past few days making me feel otherwise



and just leaves me to worry without any clariication
7/15/18, 4:23 PM



I want to see my son



Paige has blocked me on everything. No one is answering my calls.



I ha e a right to see my son



I have respected your request of giving Paige space



My heart is killing and I miss liam



I can't even talk to him



I am isolated



I want to see my child



I have asked Paige to let me talk to him for the past week and she wont



Please. I am begging



I have no idea what you have done, but my family is being shattered when I trusted you to help our family.



Where would you like to meet? I can drop him off with you.



Taos



Where you asked me to go



You’re in Taos?



I’d have to talk to Bruce to work something out but we could probably get down there next weekend?



Paige was no linger communicating after those programs. My heart is in severe pain. And I wanted to respect the space without bringing my disappointment and anger around



Next weekend?



You said you could this weekend



It's already been a week, and my family is being brainwashed to stay away from me



If you’re in Taos then it’s going to take some time to organize a trip.



What did I do to be completely run off to where Paige has me blocked



Why wouldn't you allow us to do counseling together



Why was I not invited to tessa?



This is cruel Mary ellen



I came up for help



Kyle, you said you didn’t want to go the professional counseling route and you said you didn’t need help with addiction. Paige wants both. She stopped Facebook altogether and I guess she’s communicating with you by email. If you’d like to be involved with TESA please go online and if you can’t find their number I’ll get it for you. No one is preventing you from getting help. I am open all day tomorrrow to drop Liam off somewhere so you can spend time together..a park?
7/16/18, 4:09 PM
7/16/18, 5:10 PM



Are you in Taos?



I am keeping my phone off and I will try to check email once a day. Kyle.jacob.butler@gmail.com
7/17/18, 5:15 AM



Please understand that I do not feel well with my narcissistic traits. I need help and I never refused counsel- I just wanted to get counsel with paige. I understand now that I am being labelled as a narcissist and all the therapy advises against contact completely.



I feel horrible for the abuse, and all of my horrible actions



I am disappointed with how I have treated everyone and hope that you can give me room to change. I live with my guilt everyday



I have been so wrong to devalue paige and I owe your family an appology



and this isn't some recent thing just because we aren't together now



I have felt horrible about it for years
7/17/18, 11:35 AM



please take paige to the hospital or somewhere to get helpwith her physical health



she needs to see a doctor and I am worried about her.
7/17/18, 1:46 PM



Kyle, I think Bruce was labeled a narcissist in a counseling appointment once, so you’re in good company. Thanks for being concerned about Paige. We’re trying to figure out what to do...she may need to be in New Mexico. If we come to Taos, we’ll definitely let you know.



That sounded like she’s planning to move back to Taos. She is still thinking a lot about everything but she might come to Taos for medical treatment.



She can get her insurance changed over in colorado as well



I just need her to get help



I can ask my mom and dad to help with medical costs and I am also working with the district attorney in attempts to resolve these court issues



I am submitting myself into a treatment center called inside out recovery today and also have a family counselor lined up



I can help get her insurance changed over if that is what it takes. She doesn't look well and I care for her and don't want to see her like this
7/17/18, 7:21 PM



Way to go Kyle!!! I’m so proud of you.



We’ll see if we can get her Medicaid temporarily switched over to Colorado. So excited for you even though I’m sure it will be challenging.
7/20/18, 10:12 AM



Is Paige really going to see Alice from 8-11 pm?



I find those hours odd for coynselling



I want to trust her



Please give me honesty Mary Ellen



Simple yes or no



I feel like it is a no when there is this silence. Please help me. I am trying to decide and develop on my trust



Not very nice to hang up on people



Love you paige



I apologize for being innapropriate with my distrust



Kyle, it’s Mary Ellen and I’m busy and not a phone person so I don’t get to things right away. Bruce and Paige came back from counseling about 11 last night.



Thank you. Pretty late for counselling, that has to be exhausting.



For both parties
7/22/18, 8:56 PM
7/26/18, 12:29 PM



Hey Kyle, can you let Paige know that she missed her dentist appointment and they wondered if she’d like to reschedule.



Hopefully she’s just late?



She left hours ago and I haven't seen ger



Ger



Her



I was really sick last night
7/26/18, 3:01 PM



So sorry you’re sick. Guess she never made it to her dentist. I hope she and Liam are okay.
7/26/18, 9:17 PM



Would you please have Paige give us a call?
7/31/18, 10:43 PM



Hope all is well. Keeping you in my prayers and heading to bed.
10/8/18, 1:33 PM
10/22/18, 4:52 PM



Hi. I opened up facebook on Chrome because apparently when I happened to be on facebook on safari, it doesn't work? Anyway, sorry I missed you. Tried calling.
10/22/18, 7:08 PM
JAN 14, 2019, 8:22 PM



Well paige is terrified
JUN 27, 2019, 5:33 PM



Can I please see Liam?



At least talk to him?



The past 3 times that I have asked paige, she never called
JUN 27, 2019, 8:27 PM



Liam is waiting to talk
JUL 13, 2019, 8:57 AM



Please



I just want to see my son



What is this- this is out of hatred and evil that you’re family is keeping me from my child
JUL 30, 2019, 8:50 AM



What did I do to deserve this?



I miss my son- I just want to see liam



Paige has told me twice now that I can see him, only to keep me in silence and not let me see or talk to him



this is breaking my heart, and it's messing with my head mary ellen



please- why can't I see liam?



I don't want to be left in silence anymore. I want a relationship with liam. I just want to see my son- why won't anyone in your family respond to me?



This is causing so much grief and pain in my life, this is so hard for me to be happy with everyone ignoring me like I don't matter. I have been patiently waiting for a visit with liam only for it to be used to cause me more pain



I want to see my baby. what do you want from me?



this is traumatizing and all I have asked is that we can please work together.



I don't want to go my life without liam. I experience the worst pain that I have in my life on a daily basis. I don't know how you have completely disregarded me for months. I want peace in this situation and I can't have it because nobody is willing to talk to me or give me the truth



Will you please give me a moment of your time. I don't have the support system or love that paige does in her life and I really want to work things out



I have feelings of being tortured and all I want to do is love on my child. I want a relationship with liam.



I have never hurt liam. Can you please explain to me why I am being kept from visiting my son?



How can I earn the respect to at least be able to communicate with you? I have gone for months of being humiliated, shamed, not having visitation with liam, trying to be closer with God, Trying to forgive myself. I am suffering and I don't think you understand the implications this is having on my mental health or health overall. I feel like paige is taking revenge out on me for what my mom did and it's driving me over the edge.



I spent five years with liam- this is devastating for me and I've been completely left in the dark to theorize what is happening. I'm so confused and it is wearing on me. I cry for hours every day and this pain won't go away. This situation has been so hard on my life and I want to be okay.
JUL 30, 2019, 9:39 PM



WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?



this is driving me insane
AUG 25, 2019, 9:36 AM



It’s been months since I’ve seen Liam. I cry every day. Please help me.



Please Mary Ellen.



I just want to be with Liam.



I already suffer from losing Abel, The pain of losing Liam is nearly unbearable.



How long will I be left in silence? This is driving me to the edge and I haven’t had a single response from any of you. I get hate mail from paige every time I try to talk to Liam.



I was extremely bonded with my son- this isn’t right to hurt our relationship further than it already was. I love him and you know that.



Please talk to me
SEP 6, 2019, 3:27 PM



Please help me. I want a relationship with Liam



I haven’t been able to talk to him in a month. I’ve been threatened by paige every time I have asked to see him.
SEP 8, 2019, 6:57 PM



Please stop treating me like this



You know about the dishonesty that went on behind my back



You know that I love Ian



Liam*



Your family has taken things far enough. Liam said to me “I probably won’t even remember you by next winter”



Paige has abandoned Abel, she cheated on me for you know how long



And yet you are allowing this type of behavior like I don’t exist



How can you expect someone to be okay when you treat them like this



How was I supposed to react when paige faked her love for me and planned on this abandonment.



You know the truth Mary Ellen, stop playing along with this sick game



Bruce is the last person I want to have an influence on my son. He treats you like garbage and we all witnessed what goes on



If you had any relationship with god, you would know in your heart that this is cruel
SEP 9, 2019, 10:30 AM



If I didn’t have love for my son I would have given up on wanting a relationship with him. I love your family, I have not threatened violence, I have respected that paige doesn’t want to be with me, I  just want a relationship with Liam.



You may not see it now but as Liam grows up- he will. This type of behavior is not only causing me immense trauma, but it is hurting him as well. For your family to have such a lack of compassion is damaging for all of us. This ignorance doesn’t come from love.



I pray that God can shed light to the truth in your heart. I have admitted my wrongs and I have experienced more hatred from your daughter than anyone I have known. Paige is far from innocent, but I’m not trying to justify my own actions. Liam was raised on my love- I was the person who advocated against his abortion and I never gave up on him. I love him dearly and your family is playing the role of God. Promoting Paige’s ill intent is not the kind of behavior that should be taught to our children.



I have made countless mistakes, I have sinned, I have lost control. It wasn’t right but it without reason. Bruce promoted unfaithfulness and manipulated the situation of breaking apart our family. Who wouldn’t be upset when nothing that you did was ever appreciated. You can side with Paige for however long you choose, but I hope you can understand how demeaning and hurtful this kind of behavior is.



I have faith that you can acknowledge the truth and realize that I was manipulated into losing my mind for paige to have a reason for her affairs. I am disappointed that you go along with whatever agenda Bruce decides- whether it be right or wrong. You were given a mind to think for yourself.
SEP 12, 2019, 7:16 AM



Please let me see Liam



It has been 6 months I have been without my child.



Everyone has blocked me- or they act like it’s okay to refuse a connection with my son.



All I can think about is how I miss Liam/ it’s on my mind all day long



I beg you, can we please stop being cruel? I don’t know why your family isn’t willing to communicate with me or let me see my child.



I raised Liam and was with him almost all day every single day for 6 years



I dedicated my life to him and now he’s calling me grandpa? Telling me he probably won’t remember me by next year?



I can’t even come up to Colorado to start a custody case because I am respecting Paige’s space- I am being tortured in this situation and it’s causing severe trauma. I deal with PTSD from losing Abel and have suffered with that for 8 years...
SEP 12, 2019, 10:44 AM



The way you and Bruce are handling this is awful- I don’t know what you expect of me. Like I’m supposed to just be okay and go on with my life without Liam? You know that this is hurting me, you know that paige is being cruel towards me, you know that I already suffer. Why is it acceptable to not offer a solution for visitation. Why is it okay with you to completely disregard that I was a loving father to Liam and act like it isn’t emotionally damaging?
😍
1



Leaving someone in silence as they beg for a way to see their child would make anybody go crazy- I’ve been isolated and it is driving me crazy. I can’t understand why it’s being handled like this. I suffer from what I went through- I’m heart broken from losing paige. I don’t need to be punished like this.
SEP 12, 2019, 12:45 PM



Parental alienation is child abus



Abuse*
SEP 12, 2019, 2:03 PM



Why are you acting like I don’t exist. I have asked all of your family members to let me see my son.



Bruce has threatened me which has prevented me from visiting my son.
SEP 12, 2019, 4:23 PM



What you are doing is abusive. I have been requesting for communication with my son and it’s ignored. He calls me grandpa and when he said he probably won’t remember me by next year, it’s a clear indication of parental alienation.



I deserve to have a relationships with my son and rather than giving me options or steps to take- you are allowing paige to use our child as a way to cause me tremendous pain.



Paige mentioned that she has an attorney. Can I get the contact information for him?



Please let me see Liam. How are you okay with supporting this? This hurts Liam, this hurts me, and it hurts my whole family whom is supporting Abel right now.



We all want to see him. I’ve been treated like garbage by paige and threatened by Bruce and you think paige can take care of Liam?



Being that Liam has been in your residence and you have a major influence on him, you will be under investigation for parental alienation. The lack of communication that I have received in simply asking to see or talk to my child will be seen



Not to mention Paige’s threats towards the humane society, her messages to me which are abusive. Abel whom she bailed out on.



I’ve filed for a paternity test and  we can proceed when I am legally able to do so.



I don’t believe you understand that the lack of care paige has demonstrated as well as your families is damaging to my son.



This type of behavior will cause serious issues for Liam later in his life, and I promised to him that I wouldn’t let him get hurt like I was. I can’t believe he’s living with the same people that put Paige’s first son up for foster care a week after having him.



She doesn’t even call Abel. She doesn’t care about him



Why would you trust her to make good decisions for Liam?



Would paige be willing to sign a paternity form, or do I have to take the dna test to prove it?



Either way works. I’m not giving up on my son and I will be a part of his life.



I have never hurt Liam- I have always been extremely supportive of him and nobody should leave a father without any options to be there for his son.



I’m sorry I can’t answer your questions. That’s up to Paige. I’m sorry for the messes you guys have made and am praying for healing. I’ll let you have the last word and then I’ll block you.



You’ll block me? Because I want to see Liam



You are housing him



That is so messed up that you would block me



I’m begging to see my so



Why would you block me



That is awful. I’m asking for your help



And your family is turning this into a huge fight



I don’t deserve to be blocked out of my sons life



You have held him from me for months



Why are you going along with this abuse



This is such a hateful way of hurting someone



Just block them because they want to work things out to be closer to their so



You are just as guilty as she is



For alienating my son



It is a form of child abuse



Rather than just being civil and treating me like I’m a person



Why won’t you help mediate the communication between Liam and I?



She has blocked me making it impossible to contact him. She only gives me a call maybe once a month now



Since he is living in your house- I should be given a way to get ahold of him if paige is incapable of maintaining calls



https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parental_alienation



Please Mary Ellen, why are you allowing paige to do this to Liam?



It is really hurtful for all of us



I am crying daily missing him



I’ve been given nothing- no sign of progress



And you blocked me
OCT 4, 2019, 3:39 PM



Why can’t I talk to Liam?
OCT 25, 2019, 5:02 PM



.
.
Z



.
.
.
.
.
.
NOV 6, 2019, 6:46 PM



Why has nobody talked to me?



Why is it okay to further my pain like this? Why have I been served papers after being left on the ocean and trying to get back on my feet here in Utah?



These actions aren’t righteous and you inviting my family up for holidays when I can’t see my son is extremely hurtful.



This is all wrong. Your family is completely demeaning Liam’s father. I took care of them for years Mary Ellen.
NOV 7, 2019, 11:28 AM



How would you feel if your children were taken from you, because your spouse was in love with someone else and it drove you crazy. I was the only who brought Liam to bed when he was cold. I was the one keeping us warm through the winter.
NOV 12, 2019, 12:47 PM



Are you still not talking to me?
DEC 8, 2019, 7:45 PM



Why can’t we talk?
DEC 21, 2019, 7:28 PM



I don’t have anything for Liam’s Christmas. I have lost hope of having him in my life and your family doesn’t find my role in his life of any importance



Shawn is taking Abel to Oregon for Christmas, and my mom is leaving state. I don’t expect you to read what I write- but I have been alone since Paige has left me, I miss my son and nobody cares.



The tactics you have used against me have been awful- but you guys win.



You can consider your custody case over on Christmas morning. Merry Christmas.



What was the point of pushing me like this?



What was the point of damaging my relationship between me and my child?



I’m more hurt than I have ever been in my life



And I get confined to use text messaging- where you can’t hear me.



Your family took my voice away and put me into a box



Now I am so hurt that I can’t get well enough to be there for Liam



Why did you choose this?



I considered you my family.



And your entire family disowned me, and promoted doing this with my son.



I forget sometimes, I’m talking to a box that doesn’t want to talk



You won’t talk to me and I’ll probably get blocked soon... because it’s what is advised by some lawyer chump. I guess he gave you great advice to drive a person completely insane to the point that they just lose any connection they once had to their children and eventually kill themself because of the torment.



What the fuck do you want from me?



This is cruel



How am I expected to get over losing my son like this? I’ve been removed from every holiday this year.



I’ve been to heart broken to get involved in any other relationship



I’ve had no closure- and none of you will open communication. I’ve tried to be strong enough to talk to Liam, and every time has been triggering tons of pain



Why does your family want me to kill myself?



Why are you trying so hard to hurt me with my child?



I don’t deserve to be ignored. This is driving me crazy



Why can’t I have peace? When can this rest?



I have to fucking kill myself before this will ever be at peace. What the fuck



Thanks for the extreme trigger. I’m having a mental breakdown still and every time I get a call from these people who have banished me from my sons life- it seems to really upset me



It’s like a stab wound gets ripped open every time



And you guys just laugh it off like- hahaha we are fucking with him so bad



I can’t live like this anymore



Just fucking block me



I’m hurt and I’m not well. I’m losing my mind



I’ll be out of everyone life soon enough



I want to say fuck you but I still love all of you- and I can’t believe you have gone through this to the extent that you have. I’ve been left completely broken to rot



And none of you find it hurtful to remove a child from someone who raised that child



I wanted to be there for my son and now I have no chance



Unless I want to fight you in court



It’s fucking lame



Here’s some more evidence you can use in your case against that dead guy



I wasn’t like this before. Your family turned me into this.



You’ve made me hate myself



You made me think I was of no importance. Made me feel like I was nothing



Made me feel voiceless. Made me feel less of you



Like everything you did was planned to drive me completely crazy



I keep trying to stop typing but I am at suck unease



Fuck my life



I want to stop



I just want everything to stop



I have to break my phone
DEC 22, 2019, 11:39 AM



What sick family doesn’t let a child’s dad see his kid on the holidays?



You guys are a bunch of psychopaths
DEC 22, 2019, 5:22 PM
DEC 23, 2019, 8:49 PM
TUE 9:26 PM



I am unwell. I am losing a lot of weight and I am mentally scarred.



Why are you persistent on using the distance your family is creating to cause more pain in my life



Every time I have talked to him, it’s just flexing the control you have over my emotions



Good for you. You got someone to kill them self



Merry fucking Christmas. While our daughter is out road tripping, we aren’t going to let you see your child- but we can rub it in your face because we don’t have any love or heart for you and wish you would kill yourself anyways... because we found a better person to replace you



And we are blocking you so even if you wanted to call and say goodbye... well you can’t



Liam won’t forget what happened. He knows the truth. You are cruel as fuck♾



I hope you know that God doesn’t forgive your ignorance. God sees your actions of hate. He knows that you have manipulated this.



Your God is an evil God, and you will be judged.
WED 3:22 PM



So while paige is on vacation in Boston, you guys won’t let me see my child for Christmas?



Most likely because he went with her...



Fuck you!



You realize that you promote infidelity, dishonesty, abuse, and complete ignorance



You knew that paige was cheating on our relationship the whole fucking time. You knew what Bruce was doing and you let her come back to fake her love?



You let her come back to drive me insane and you knew the whole fucking time? And now you push out the one person who was actually faithful to our family and won’t let me see my child- because you know damn well how fucked up this is
SAT 5:04 PM



Liam wants me to tell you that we are at the library and we’ll try again in about 45 min.
SAT 6:35 PM
SUN 2:21 PM



When will you stop gaslighting me?
